https://codepen.io/abqkatrina/pen/dyPPOqN

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML (elements) that give structure/meaning to the page.
    2. What is HTML used for? Building the frame of the page on which design and function are based.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  Inside the tag, you can add more info about that element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The largest size heading should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img requires a src and a requires an href.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Title, link to stylesheet and javascript, meta data.
    7. What is an id? A specific name for a single element to use as an anchor and/or design specifically limited to that element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? It should only be used once, otherwise use class.
    10. What is a class? A selector that can be used multiple times.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As much as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add the attribute target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? When the element isn't working, the alt info shows up in text.
    15. How do I reference an id? Use the # before the id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section semantically defines blocks and div is used to group things into blocks,
    usually for design reasons.
    17. What is CSS used for? For designing the elements of the HTML -- color, size, position, etc.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page Write the element ( h2 {} )
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one A class will 
    alter anything with that class listed as an attribute in the HTML (.firstSection) and an id will alter only the element with that id (#firstParagraph)
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? With a . before the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Descendant selectors allow you to select elements nested in other elements
    without making more classes or ids
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div a.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A selector that is an altered state of an element, for example a:hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height can be adjusted
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing can be adjusted
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform can be Capitalize, uppercase, or lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? <!-- comment-out this text -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd, print working directory, tells you what file you're in
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls will list everything in your current directory
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Use rm on the file or directory.
    Removal is total and permanent.
    34. Why should I use version control? Multiple changes can be made by different people and saved in one spot, 
     don't have to undo unwanted changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? Frequently, to keep it up to date, especially when collaborating
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. From an existing repo: fork, clone into desired directory, enter the cloned repo, 
       make a new branch, make changes, add changes, commit with a message, push to your branch

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline starts and ends inside something else, like a span in a p. Block 
    is a section that can contain spans.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It is located in relation to its ancestor's position instead of the viewport.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? Auto margin?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Display block: div, p, section. Display inline: span, a. Display inline-block: img.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? The box model treats elements like boxes with adjustable
     content, padding, border, and margin. It isn't responsive on its own unless you add flex.
